Updated methods section to describe process for liftover of gene symbols (#26)
d3b-center/OpenPedCan-methods: content/06.methods.md

##### Gene Expression Matrices with Unique HUGO Symbols
<!-- TODO: needs update, include liftover for TCGA/GTEX -->
The gene expression matrices had some instances where multiple Ensembl gene identifiers mapped to the same gene symbol. The GTF/GFF3 file from [`GENCODE v39`](https://www.gencodegenes.org/human/release_39.html) was used as a reference to remove duplicated gene symbols and create RSEM matrices first by filtering expression matrix to only genes with [FPKM/TPM] > 0 and then selecting the instance of the gene symbol with the maximum mean [FPKM/TPM/Expected_count] value across samples. This enabled many downstream modules that require RNA-seq data have gene symbols as unique gene identifiers.

> Refer to [collapse-rnaseq](https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/tree/dev/analyses/collapse-rnaseq) module for scripts and details.

Reviewer: Hi @sangeetashukla - this is describing the collapse part, but what we are looking for here is the liftover of gene symbols. The HGNC symbols were different in each GENCODE and so for TCGA and GTEX, we needed to do a lift from their respective gencodes to the v39, so was hoping you can describe that (which is described in the collapse module by Miguel)

##### Gene Expression Matrices with Unique HUGO Symbols
<!-- TODO: needs update, include liftover for TCGA/GTEX -->

> Among the data sources used for OpenPedCan, GTEx and TCGA used different versions of GENCODE. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among the data sources used for OpenPedCan, GTEx and TCGA used GENCODE versions v26 and v36, respectively. 
```
